[Music]
I've thought about it a lot
why does britain create so many great
filmmakers and actors what is it about
britain that seems to generate these
people
it's pretty phenomenal the influence
we've had on unlike global culture
we really punch above our way
when we were making work one I sort of
half jokingly but half meaning it said
to the producers well wait let's just
shoot in Canary Wharf there's all the
guys in the suits you know coming home
from work and we're not allowed to tell
anyone it's really secretive and I'm
thinking okay beginning film Star Wars
land we had hidden stormtrooper outfits
and stuff when we go in and within an
hour turned it into the Empire I went up
said one of the art directors and was
like how did you this was so good I how
did you do this so quick and he said I
we came in last night and we did a
practice run like the extra mile that
the crew would always go to it's kind of
like a military operation the great
thing about bridge crews is they've been
doing this you know for generations and
and they've all inherited off the
previous one all these little tricks of
the trade
we had an assistant director on the film
whose dad worked on the original New
Hope and his job on that was to direct
the x-wing pilots for the for the battle
sequence and his sign on our film had
exactly the same job it was really weird
that felt really appropriate the great
thing is on set is no one says no and
you say to them like you can say no you
know you is this a problem and they'd
say no we don't we don't do that like
they they sort of pride themselves on
giving you everything you want there's
something magical about Great Britain
there's so many great examples of
British filmmakers people like Hitchcock
and David Lean and it's funny because
even people like from outside of the UK
like Kubrick he ended up making Britain
his home because you know the crews were
so good
[Music]
I'm Gareth Edwards director of rogue one
a Star Wars story and I'm very proud to
say it was made great in Britain
you
[Music]